Update the helm-component example to demonstrate the automated rendering feature (#16)
GoogleCloudPlatform/anthos-config-management-samples: helm-component/README.md

This example provides two different ways of rendering and syncing your configurations

> - manual rendering:

Reviewer: Link to the manual rendering folder or README

Author: DONE

  this option requires you to render the configurations using the Helm CLI manually,
  and check in the rendered configurations to your Git repository.
  Config Sync will sync from the rendered output directly.

> - automated rendering:

Reviewer: Link to the automated rendering folder or README

Author: DONE

>   Config Sync support automated rendering in versions 1.9.0 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Config Sync supports rendering Kustomize configurations and Helm Charts in versions 1.9.0 or later.
```

Author: DONE
